Title:  To California, and Beyond (Not Really)
Date:   2014-04-27 23:06:00

Why, good evening dear readers. A somewhat unusual post this week, as I am
currently writing from the cramped back seats of a Boeing 737.  Thinking of
flight, one cannot help but to be impressed.  Mankind has extended its reach to
be able to cross entire continents in under half a day, and yet has managed to
still capture at least some of the discomfort of the horse-drawn carriage.
Plus, this aircraft actually has a shared entertainment system, which is just
quaint.

Grumblings aside, I am on my way to sunny California!  This coming week heralds
the 2014 Embedded Linux Conference - the social event of the season, to be sure.
Three days of talks, plus I will be spending a day either side in our Mountain
View office, meeting a bunch of people I’ve been working with over the last few
months.  Not to mention doing my best to catch up with those I knew before - a
busy week awaits, I imagine!

In the meantime, what has been happening in the Great White North?  Well, for a
start, it’s not so white out anymore.  Despite a rally effort the week before
last, the sun is out, and the snow is gone.  So much so, that we spent last
Saturday at the local farmers market out by St Jacobs.  It’s still a bit early
in the year for local-grown produce, but we did manage to pick up some nice
bacon (a bit pricey, but *so* nice) and maple syrup, and tried the famed St
Jacobs apple fritters (not that good, sadly).  We also took our fair shot at
making (of all things) Challah!

{% img center /images/challah.jpg 500 %}

Unfortunately it turned out mostly like normal baked bread, but fortunately
freshly baked bread is also delicious!

Apart from the above, we also went to see the new Captain America movie (very
good!), and moved so much stuff from the BH’s flat that the spare room is now
rather… not.  I am promised that it will all be sorted and tidied away after the
big exam is over, but we shall see what the wind brings!

Speaking of which, currently the wind is bringing us into San Francisco airport
(ok, the engines may have a little more to do with it than the wind, but work
with me here…), so I will sign off.  Until next week, ciao!

-------

As an afternote, thought hotel room pics were in order. Hotel is the Hampton Inn
in Mountain View. The trip here was reasonably pleasant - a young chatty taxi
driver who only drove like he was *slightly* suicidal (still cost $120...  yay
for South Bay!) - and the hotel check-in was so smooth I barely noticed it
happening. It's quite late now, so without further ado, room picture:

{% img center /images/hampton_inn_room.jpg 500 %}

Oh, and just because I came across it while looking for that picture, here is a
4-pack of baked beans that we found in a shop in St Jacobs, marked up from £2 to
$10 (which is about £5.50, so not *too* ridicolous...). I was tempted, but not
$10 tempted.

{% img center /images/baked_beans.jpg 500 %}
